# Techno-economic Analysis of Electric Ferry

Code that I used for my 3rd Year Undergraduate Project

## Abstract
The use and technological breakthroughs of electric vehicles have been greatly improving. Even while commercial land vehicles have received most of the attention, the marine sector is also undergoing similar change. In addition to adhering to recent frameworks and legislation on green technology, such as the Clean Maritime Plan by the UK government and the Energy Efficiency Design and Existing Index (EEDI & EEEI) by the International Maritime Agency, the transition from fossil fuel to green technology has encouraged the shipping industry to consider this implementation. Because domestic ferry operations in the UK often travel small distances, there is a good chance to evaluate the techno-economics of an all-electric propulsion system. The goal of this study is to comprehend the financial and technical needs, such as capital expenditures, that ferry operators might use to inform their decisions. This research will measure the energy consumption of a ferry by analysing the power-speed relationship.
The energy usage and the availability of shore charging stations can be used to optimise the battery sizing on the suggested electrical system. A techno-economic tool can be constructed based on the techno-economic analysis of a vessel under study. While there are other techno-economic analyses available, the goal of this study is to create a general techno-economic model that ferry operators can use as an economic evaluation tool and technological approximation. It is intended to assist ferry operators in simulating the possibility of running their boats entirely on batteries without the need of fossil fuels.